Second trigger example

This one is based on what is done with titles in Latin characters.
It demonstrates a few interesting things:
 - functions that return a table (like generate_series())
 - functions written in pure SQL.

This is very Postgres specific, but comparable features exist in
Oracle or SQL Server.

There are several scripts to run, they are numbered. 

The idea is for every Chinese title to split it into sequences of 1, 2
or 3 characters. When we search a title, the same process is applied to
the Chinese string that is searched, and the film(s) with the greatest
number of matches will be returned.


chinese_search0.sql  - Creates a table based on alt_titles but only
                       containing Chinese titles. Note that as only the
                       first character is checked, some Japanese titles
                       slip in. There is also a row number added, because
                       some films (Mainland/Hong Kong or Taiwan co-productions)
                       may have both a title in simplified and traditional
                       Chinese.
chinese_search1.sql  - Intermediate query that shows how we are going
                       to split titles.
chinese_search2.sql  - Built upon the previous one, query that returns
                       all the bits from a Chinese string.
chinese_search3.sql  - Pure SQL function returning a table, based on the
                       previous query. The ..._example.sql script show it
                       in action.
chinese_search3_example.sql
chinese_titles_pk.sql- Run this one before chinese_search4.sql
chinese_search4.sql  - Table to hold the bits (note the ON DELETE CASCADE -
                       as it's populated by trigger, it's also automatically
                       deleted) and trigger. At the end of the script it
                       should be properly populated.
chinese_search5.sql  - Another SQL table-returning function that finds
                       suitable candidates for a film the (approximate)
                       title of which was supplied as parameter.
chinese_search6.sql  - Search in action. Not sure that my example is the
                       best one.
